Dean, oops, Chief Teacher Qin
I'm glad you're okay.
If there is a three long and two short
It will be China's greatest loss.
Dean, I need to go to the capital as soon as possible
I need equipment from the National Academy of Sciences
To build a cell phone
Great, Chief Qin finally looks forward to you
I'll send the album to pick you up right away
Ok, ASAP, don't worry.
I promise the plane will be there in 5 minutes
Dream snow time waits for no one
The plane is coming to pick me up soon
I have to get to the National Academy of Sciences.
Qin Feng
We are husband and wife, is it funny for you to lie to me like this?
There's a plane to pick you up
Mengxue, I didn't lie to you.
I know you want to comfort me
But there's no point in making up such a lie
Dad don't go
Today is Yaoyao's birthday
Can you spend your birthday with Yaoyao?
Yaoyao's father will make one
A very powerful mobile phone as a gift for you.
Ok?
Qin Feng, are you finished?
It's okay if you don't accompany Yaoyao in the past
How dare you lie to him now?
I didn't lie to you.
Qin Feng, do you think you are lying to yourself?
Can you create a flower-age smartphone?
You thought you built a seismograph
Are you really a great scientist?
There's a plane to pick you up
Can you be realistic?
Don't miss the consequences
What if I am?
Sorry Mengxue
You give me another 7 days.
I will definitely be able to build this phone
At that time, I will take this mobile phone to save the gorgeous.
How do you expect me to trust you?
Do you know
A cell phone goes from being involved to being fully produced
How many departments are required to cooperate?
You said you were not a scientist.
Even if you are really 7 days
You can't do it either
Brother-in-law, I used to only think you were useless
I feel like you're not motivated
I didn't expect you to be immersed in fantasies by this time
Even full of lies in front of children
You have disappointed me so much.
Moxie I Run
The plane came to pick me up
After 7 days
I will lead the gorgeous to the peak of technology